grandfather's here I'll punch my cheek I
hate that maybe he won't
our to see her I brought you a special
present
what is it was the book my father used
to read to me when I was sick and I used
to read it to your father
and today we read it to you it was a
time when life didn't seem so
complicated marriage is what wins us
together - dad what what I'm killing
myself once we reach the honeymoon suite
when that been actually a courtly age of
gentle conversation I will always come
for you how can you be sure this is true
love Oh No is this a kissing book no
actually there was a lot of treachery
Harold and revenge
prepare to die never go in against the
Sicilian when gas is on the line they
were a Bears of state but I've got my
country's 500th anniversary to pad my
wedding to arrange my wife to murder and
gilded a frame for it I'm swamped and
affairs of the heart
my Wesley will always come for me your
Westley is dead I've seen worse have fun
storming the castle
small return defense Karim
take it away take a careful bye it's a
story of love a tale of adventure it's
as real as the feelings you feel Oh
kissing again someday you may not mind
so much The Princess Bride not just your
basic average everyday ordinary
run-of-the-mill ho-hum fairy tale
you